For Clarity.

While I/We will never willingly produce destructive code to release or put out into the universe, we do believe in sharing usefule tools and content that will improve the end-user work and education process.
With that said the following is still incredibly important to be known before attempting to use our scripts in any way not defined in their description, any confusions or lack of understanding related to our 
scripts and their purpose or use can cause issues within your system. 

For any questions or concerns plese be sure to visit our discord community
https://discord.gg/ufuYm4bbge

or get in touch with us on our website https://cmogaming.com

#Warning and Disclaimer

The bat files provided herein are powerful scripts designed for specific purposes. Their execution without a comprehensive understanding of their intended use, capabilities, 
and potential consequences can result in severe damage to your system. 
These scripts interact with critical system functions and can modify, delete, or access files and settings. Their application demands a deep understanding of command line operations 
and the specific contexts for which they were crafted.

By using these bat files, you assume full responsibility for any actions taken by them on your system. The author holds no liability for any damage, loss of data, or system instability resulting from the misuse, 
misinterpretation, or unauthorized modification of these scripts. It is imperative to exercise caution and perform due diligence before executing these files. Prior knowledge of batch scripting, 
computer programming, and system administration is highly recommended before engaging with these scripts.

Under no circumstances should these bat files be executed on critical systems or without a backup of essential data. 
They are provided as-is, without any warranties or guarantees of functionality or suitability for any specific purpose. 
The user acknowledges the potential risks and dangers associated with using these scripts and agrees to use them at their own discretion and risk.

To use this PNG - FILE DELETER.bat file you will need to change "YOURMAP-PROJECT-FOLDER" to your map name folder IE:

set "folderPath=P:\YOURMAP-PROJECT-FOLDER\data\layers"

The purpose of this script is to delete your PNG files from the defined directory ONCE you have generated your layers, before packing your map for the workshop!

Doing so will cut your @MapMod size, in half. 